# CovGen

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 10.1.2.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

# Scope 

Ideally I want to create a cover letter generator for most of your day to day needs. I do not expect that the cover letter generator will get you 100% of the way there and you can use this for each job application without going through it. I highly advise reading through what is generated and tailoring it for the specific job you are applying to. However, that being said I also realize that creating a cover letter for every job posting out there is incredibly time consuming and very much a pain in the ass. 

Thus I want to create an application that is in the middle ground. It will save you time starting from scratch and you can do the final polish before submitting it. 

I cannot guarantee that it will help you with getting a job but I can guarantee that it will get you part of the way there.

## Skeleton 

From the user we are gathering the following user inputs (for now - this might change later)

* name
* email
* phone number
* bullet point 1 (this can be from job description or you can use any you want)
* bullet point 2 (same as above)
* bullet point 3 
* years of experience
* company name 

All json for different cover letter templates are located in src/assets/json. I will update the code to take values from the json files instead of directly from the ts file. 


## Features I want to add 

Right now the application is super specific to me and only allows customizablity for a few fields. I want to add more strings for each of the different paragraphs and perhaps add a element of randomness so that whatever is generated by the project is not so random. Am also planning on making it so that the strings are loaded from JSON files which are stored so that the TS file is not so clunky. 

# View the live application here

(link)[https://covergen-zubierabd.herokuapp.com]

